#1</br>
Q: Consider the following program that we used above:</br>
```cpp
#include <iostream>  // for std::cout and std::cin

int main()
{
    std::cout << "Enter a number: "; // ask user for a number
    int x{}; // define variable x to hold user input
    std::cin >> x; // get number from keyboard and store it in variable x
    std::cout << "You entered " << x << '\n';

    return 0;
}
```
The program expects you to enter an integer value, as the variable x that the user input will be put into is an integer variable.</br>

Run this program multiple times and describe the output that results when you enter the following types of input:</br>
a) A letter, such as h.</br>
b) A number with a fractional part (e.g. 3.2). Try numbers with fractional parts less than 0.5 and greater than 0.5 (e.g. 3.2 and 3.7).</br>
c) A small negative integer, such as -3.</br>
d) A word, such as Hello.</br>
e) A really big number (at least 3 billion).</br>
f) A small number followed by some letters, such as 123abc.</br>
g) A few letters followed by a small number, such as abc123.</br>
h) +5 (three spaces, followed by a plus symbol, and a 5).</br>
i) 5b6.</br>

A: The answers are:</br>
a) 0, because int data type cant store characters.</br>
b) The digit before the ','. Why not the whole number? Because intager cannot store numbers who contains a dot, double numbers can.</br>
Example: if we would input 0.5 number, our intager value would be 0.</br>
c) The output would be -3. </br>
d) The output would be 0, because intager data type cant store strings</br>
e) It would output largest 32 bit number. Our number is too big to store it on a standard int variable, so the program would assign the int to the biggest possible value.</br>
f) It would only store numbers, because int data type cant hold characters.</br>
g) The output would be 0, because int cannot hold characters. The std::cin cancels out reading immediantly, because first character is not an int and it just cancels out immediantly.</br>
h) It would output 5. The + is a valid int character, which indicates that the number is positive. Space dosent mean anything and it gets ignored by the std::cin.</br>
i) It would output 5. The explonation is the same as the answer g.
